this video is sponsored by Ridge Ridge
sells products like backpacks power
banks and have over a dozen different
wallet designs to choose from the rich
wallet has over 30,000 five-star reviews
a minimal designed to streamline what
you carry every day as well as a
lifetime warranty get 10% off your order
today with free worldwide shipping and
returns by going to Ridge comm slash
anus yes that's correct
and use code anus to get 10% off with
free shipping and returns link is in the
description hey everyone my name's
tomato anus also known as the voice
trying to tell you that you're in a coma
and this is a sex percent speedrun of
fallout 4 now it's likely that you've
already seen this run in my fallout
anthology sex % run however that run was
about 11 months ago and a lot has
changed since then and fallout 4 a lot
is still the same though we still limit
our framerate to 60fps to make sure that
the speed of the physics are the same
for every one running we still play in
German since it has the fastest dialogue
and the intro of the game we still play
on very easy to mitigate damage which
actually is a huge part of the run now
we still don't count loading screens
into our final time we still cycle
through our characters in a certain
pattern to timeout we're codsworth will
be to save a second we still walk around
in the pre-war house just interacting
with everything to get through it as
quickly as possible
we still max out charisma and agility
while dumping the rest into endurance
because we need to be smooth as butter
to sleep with our partner later on and
also maxing agility over endurance is
more effective in regards to allowing us
to sprint in the scenario and the goal
of the run is still to sleep with
someone as fast as possible
a lot is still the same I mean I guess I
could have just said that from the
get-go and not necessarily listed a
bunch of individual things but I got
carried away I apologize for that let's
move on to the things that are different
now there are really just two big things
that are different but they're big
enough to warrant this new video on the
category to explain one of them I'm
gonna need a visual aid so why not just
use a visual aid for both seeing as the
beginning of the run is pretty stale
with just walking around the house let's
move the game place somewhere out of the
way for the time being the first glitch
that needs some explaining is definitely
the more simple of the to the
community hasn't really decided on an
official name for it but we mostly refer
to it as the elevator clip into the
vault and fall out for you enter vault
111 via a large elevator platform that
slowly lowers you downwards who has
originally discovered that if you spam
both escape and quicksave that you'll
slowly clip through the platform as it's
moving down if you do it fast enough
you'll fully clip through the elevator
and fall downwards it turns out though
that quick saving is entirely
unnecessary to perform this glitch all
you have to do is press escape fast
enough quick saving was only used at
first because spamming it lags the game
a little bit allowing for you to enter
more escape inputs in a shorter span of
time in the game instead just pressing
escape fast enough does the trick and is
slightly faster than pressing quick save
as well you have to really spam escape
though to the point where it's easier to
just bind your scroll wheel to the
escape button this can be used in two
spots as soon as the elevator begins
lowering for the first time after the
nuke goes off and also once you actually
load inside the vault for the first
scenario if you're able to drop through
the platform in time before the platform
reaches the loading zone you'll fall
down into the loading zone yourself and
move the game on to the next section
where you're on the elevator inside of
the vault overall this is skipping a
relatively short elevator ride and if
done well would only save one to two
seconds most members of the community
including myself have decided that it's
not worth to go for because the time
save is too small to justify the mental
strain that is caused from having to
reset a ton from messing up your escape
spamming the second scenario that I
mentioned earlier the one inside the
vault is a bit more beneficial to
perform normally when you ride the
elevator to the bottom there's a metal
grate that serves as an elevator door
and you have to wait for it to open
before progressing however if you spam
escape to drop down the elevator shaft
early enough
the collision on the grating isn't
loaded and you can just walk right
through it skipping both the elevator
ride down and also skipping having to
wait for the grating to open overall
this saves roughly 15 to 18 seconds the
only issue with this is that the
elevator shaft is pretty tall so you
take some fall damage from clipping
through the
platform in fact if you perform the clip
too early it'll take too much fall
damage and either die or break your leg
causing you to move slowly both of these
and the run if you perform the clip too
late then you won't be able to make it
to the grading and time before the
collision loads and you'll have to wait
for the platform to catch up and sit
through things as normal the timing that
I employ in my runs is to begin my
spamming about half a second after my
HUD reappears in the game we're arriving
at this part in the run so let's see how
it played out
this worked out almost perfectly ideally
you want to drop from as high as
possible without breaking your leg or
dying since that means you skip more of
the elevator ride the fact that you can
hear my character's heartbeat and that I
have the woozy screen effect means that
I'm close to death meaning that I felt
almost the maximum amount of high
possible without dying the only issue
with this and sex percent is that it
increases our likelihood of dying later
on since we typically have to run past a
lot of enemies I have a slight
workaround for that but we'll get to
that later
for now we have some other things to
explain first is punch warping I've
explained punch working a lot in older
videos of mine so I'll keep this brief
if you try to melee attack something in
vats but your movement is obstructed
then you can cancel your attack and
store the coordinates of where you were
standing the next time you use vats if
you use a melee attack you get
teleported back to those coordinates as
they correspond to the coordinate grid
in your current cell if you don't know
what a cell is don't worry I'll explain
that in a second as well another thing
to go over quickly is item climbing
again I've explained this ad nauseam but
keeping it brief if you hold an object
under you you can climb up walls and
[__] when we use a cone we call it VLC
clipping we use this to skip most the
vault the big thing to explain is COC to
COC stands for Center on cell and refers
to what happens when you fall out of
bounds
first though for those unaware what is a
cell cell is the technical term in the
games engine for a location cells are
usually self-contained vault 111 itself
is a full cell the insides of buildings
that you have to load into our cells the
wasteland itself is a cell although
that's a bit more nuanced since it's
made up of a ton of smaller cells that
load in chunks but that's a lesson for
another day
back to COC or Centre on cell if you
happen to fall out of bounds it would be
pretty dumb if you fell forever so COC
is implemented so that you eventually
hit an invisible plane and once you hit
that plane you're transported back to
solid ground in a preset COC location
each cell has its own COC location and
some have multiple but if you fall out
of bounds you will
ashle hit the invisible plane and get
warped back alternatively if you fall
underneath the cell and are directly
underneath normal ground you'll get
warped directly upwards to the ground
when you hit the COC plane this is
referred to as an up warp you only get
sent to the COC location upon hitting
the plane if there's no ground directly
above you the COC plane does have a
finite edge to it though
meaning that you can fall beyond its
extents if you do this there's luckily a
second COC plane much further down that
some people believe may just be the cell
floor and we refer to it as COC -
hitting this plane behaved the same as a
normal COC plane with a notable
exception that was discovered if you
fall beneath the elevator in vault 111
when you hit the COC plane you get word
back to the COC location outside of the
cryo pod however if you hit the COC to
plane beneath the elevator you get up
work to the top of the elevator shaft
which places you in the loading zone to
exit the vault immediately bringing you
outside this skips having to ride the
elevator and saves around 30 to 40
seconds in a moment will gain control of
our character and employ all the things
I just talked about the first thing
we're going to do is grab the security
baton which allows for us to use vats if
we don't grab it then we wouldn't be
able to use vats with the current route
we'd take through the vault with the
baton in our possession we grab a nearby
cone and perform the first of two VLC
clips
unfortunately cones can't phase through
walls so we have to grab a new one and
then set up our punch warp on some
radroaches to store our coordinates we
then perform our second VLC clip which
lets us dance on the ceiling like Lionel
Richie we then run and jump out of
bounds pass the COC plane where we turn
around and fall back under the elevator
and quick save quick load quick saving
and quick loading skips having to fall
the full way and cause us for us to hit
the next CFC plane below us making us
hit the COC to plane and immediately up
warp into the load zone once we finished
loading we'll be outside riding the
elevator up to the surface the physics
defying feats don't stop here though
because we still have a punch work to
trigger a
I'm gaining control we're going to
carefully run down the hill making sure
we don't take any fall damage to further
reduce our already depleted health bar
we then run up to one of the nearby
houses in sanctuary and melee attack a
radroach in vats which triggers our
punch warp warping us to the coordinates
we had stored in the wasteland the
coordinates that we store to correspond
to nearby Green Tech genetics which is
in the center of the map however the Z
coordinate we stored put us under the
map but were able to up port back onto
solid ground by just falling for a bit
in the void when we arrive back to the
earthly plane we have to try and make it
to good neighbor where our sleeping
partner awaits normally the fastest
running route to get to good neighbor is
to run through a nearby Raider
encampment run across a super long
bridge and run through a door that's
guarded by a Raider in their pet dog oh
this route has a high likelihood of
taking damage and if you don't remember
we're so messed up from the drop when we
entered the elevator that even 200 years
later we can hear our heart beating in
our head which I'm not a doctor that
definitely does not seem healthy instead
of the risky running route we took the
little puss-puss route of swimming
through the Charles River which loses us
about a second but guarantees we take
very little damage on land we catch a
glimpse of the dog I mentioned earlier
in the corner of our eye and have a
panic attack and start sprinting towards
good neighbour as we sprint down the
road I make like Alan Arkin and
serpentine to avoid getting shot and
also mash II while I do so this is
because the first time your health drops
below a certain threshold in your
playthrough you get a pop-up telling you
your health is low I spammed Ian's
anticipation of getting hit only to stop
spamming and get it unexpectedly right
afterwards I enter good neighbour via a
back alley that I still am unsure of
whether or not it's intentional and as I
enter the loading zone I made sure to
stop sprinting because I'm not sprinting
when I enter the load zone when I finish
loading my AP bar will be fully
replenished allowing me to sprint again
we then can run on over to the third
rail where our horizontal dance partners
putting on a show in order to speak with
Magnolia we need her to finish her song
luckily we can force her to stop by
attacking a patron which angers everyone
inside by putting away our baton though
they all
forgive us and we can speak to Magnolia
and to hopefully strike her fancy
Magnolia will sometimes reject your
advances showing that even being a
quantum anomaly sometimes won't be
enough for some people fortunately for
us
Magnolia seemed to like our general
demeanor and agrees to spend a night
alone with us the run officially ends
after the screen fades to black because
this ended up being a world record we
had to continue on with tradition and
challenge Magnolia to a battle to the
death after our coital engagement if you
made it to the end of the run I'd like
to say thank you and also would like to
specifically say thank you to those of
you who choose to support the channel on
patreon if you want to support and
you're also interested in development
updates on videos early access to
sponsor free versions of videos and also
the occasional patreon exclusive fan
fiction Friday video head on over there
and drop as little as a dollar a month
it's entirely unnecessary but I truly do
appreciate those of you who choose to
support anyways also if you have any
video recommendations or feedback hop
into my discord where we have channels
for specifically those things link is in
the description that's all for this
video though this was a sex % speedrun
of fallout 4
I've been tomato anus and I hope you
have an above-average day